-- Getting Started --
This template has been created to get you off the ground running with a lot of resources that you need upfront. You'll notice that both the iOS and Android projects include a Splash Screen with the App Logo and material design colors (see below for more information on Material Design). You can quickly swap out the included image assets for your own images. To quickly generate image assets for your project take a 1536px x 1536px image to https://makeappicon.com/, there you can generate all of the images you need. For more help with Prism check out the Sample Applications at https://github.com/PrismLibrary/Prism-Samples-Forms or sign up for the Slack Channel https://prismslack.herokuapp.com/.

Note:
#if (IncludeiOS)
iOS: The Splash Screen icon uses the Icon-App-76x76 renamed to AppIcon
#endif
#if (IncludeAndroid)
Android: The Splash Screen icon uses the mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher copied and renamed to drawable/launchscreen_icon
#endif
#if (UWPSupported)
UWP: To generate App Tiles, install the following extension for Visual Studio: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=shenchauhan.UWPTileGenerator
#endif

-- Localization --
This template comes default with Localization support. All of the helper classes you need have already been configured for you. To add support for additional languages you simply need to add additional Resource files. For example to support Spanish add a file named `Resource.es.resx` to the Resx directory. you should open the csproj file in a text editor and remove anything that the IDE has put in for this resource. You should find an ItemGroup labeled 'Localization'. There is already a Compile Update element ready for you that simply needs to be un-commented. For any additional languages follow the example format for the Spanish resource file. 

-- Material Design --
This template also comes setup with support for Material Design. You will see the default colors for this template are set in the 'App.xaml'. There are a number of resources out there to help you choose the right colors for your app. One such resource can be found at https://material.io/color.

You will also notice that a global style has been set in 'App.xaml' to use the color pallet for the NavigationPage's NavigationBar colors. You updating your design colors will automatically adjust these colors without the need for defining any custom NavigationPage. 

#if (UWPSupported)
-- UWP --
Your new project created a UWP project. You will need to generate a pfx to sign the project. This is not currently supported from the dotnet Templating Engine.

#endif
-- CI Builds --
This template makes it easy to handle App Secrets and Build defined Environments. Your template may include several defined variables already. This works with a two step process to make it easy on both build hosts including VSTS and AppVeyor, as well as in your development environment. Note that this project comes with a .gitignore that will ignore both the secrets.json and Secrets.cs files to ensure you do not accidentally check in any secrets used during development.

The BuildHostSecrets.ps1 is called as part of the build process and will automatically generate a `secrets.json` file in the event that one does not exist. This ensures that while developing you can create the secrets.json file and easily edit it without your changes being clobbered by the build. On your build host, you will need to create an environmental variable for each key listed in the script. The script will output it's failure to find variables that do not exist.

The Secrets.ps1 script is called as part of the build and will regenerate the Helpers/Secrets.cs based on the secrets.json on each build. While working in your development environment this will make it easier to iterate as you simply need to update a value in the json file and rebuild your project.